Document --diagnostic-port option on dotnet-counters and dotnet-trace (#21666)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/diagnostics/dotnet-counters.md

```

## Using diagnostic port

  > [!IMPORTANT]
  > This works for apps running .NET 5.0 or later only.

Diagnostic port is a new runtime feature that was added in .NET 5 that allows you to start monitoring or collecting counters from app startup. To do this using `dotnet-counters`, you can either use `dotnet-counters <collect|monitor> -- <command>` as described in the examples above, or use the `--diagnostic-port` option.

Using `dotnet-counters <collect|monitor> -- <command>` to launch the application as a child process is the simplest way to quickly monitor it from its startup.

However, when you want to gain a finer control over the lifetime of the app being monitored (for example, monitor the app for the first 10 minutes only and continue executing) or if you need to interact with the app using the CLI, using `--diagnostic-port` option allows you to control both the target app being monitored and `dotnet-counters`.

1. The command below makes dotnet-counters create a diagnostics socket named `myport.sock` and wait for a connection.

  ```dotnet-cli
  dotnet-counters collect --diagnostic-port myport.sock
  ```

  Output:

  ```bash
  Waiting for connection on myport.sock

>   Start an application with the following environment variable: DOTNET_DiagnosticPorts=/home/suwhang/myport.sock

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Start an application with the following environment variable: DOTNET_DiagnosticPorts=/home/user/myport.sock
```

  ```

> 2. On a separate console, launch the target application with the environment variable `DOTNET_DiagnosticPorts` set to the value suggested by `dotnet-counters`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In a separate console, launch the target application with the environment variable `DOTNET_DiagnosticPorts` set to the value in the `dotnet-counters` output.
```

  ```bash

>   export DOTNET_DiagnosticPorts=/home/suwhang/myport.sock

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  export DOTNET_DiagnosticPorts=/home/user/myport.sock
```

  ./my-dotnet-app arg1 arg2
  ```

  This should then enable `dotnet-counters` to start collecting counters on `my-dotnet-app`:

  ```bash
  Waiting for connection on myport.sock

>   Start an application with the following environment variable: DOTNET_DiagnosticPorts=myport.sock

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Start an application with the following environment variable: DOTNET_DiagnosticPorts=/home/user/myport.sock
```
